run:
Details of Reason for Applicant desiring a CCW License: I am writing to you about why I believe I should have a CCW, in this post, you will read about my incidents and why if I had a CCW it would have worked out better. Here are my reasons why I believe I should have a CCW.
The main reason for requesting a CCW License is because I have recently received my PF License but that doesn't seem to be enough for me because there is no way to protect myself on my day outside my house.

27 of September 2016- Jefferson Motel, Jefferson. Roughly 5 AMI was walking home to my Jefferson Motel at 5AM, I go inside to grab something, and when I came out this Mexican held a shotgun to my head and told me to get down, I did as I was told. Once he took my money I called 911 and Los Santos Police Department were the first ones on the scene, the officer was Felix Vincent. He ran away once the PD came. If I had my CCW I believe this wouldn't have happened due to he would of ran away. I believe a CCW will help me in many ways of self-protection, such as if I was walking and someone held a gun to my head, I could pull out the Glock and fight back, and would probably still have my money today. These are my reasons why I should have a CCW.

28 of September 2016, Blueberry Liquor Store, Blueberry. Roughly 10PM. I was driving around in Blueberry at like 10PM, I go to my friend's house, to grab something, when I come out these black guys hold Glocks and shotguns at me, telling me to get on the ground. I did as I was told. Once they took my money and ran away, I called 911. Sherriff's and Fire Department came. I believe if I had a CCW they wouldn't have attempted to rob me because they would have known that I was armed aswell.
Another reason I believe I should have my CCW is that when I am trucking, I should be able to carry a Glock with me, incase I get robbed out in the county, my friend has been trucking before and got robbed. If she had her CCW she wouldn't have got robbed because they would have left her alone.
These are my reasons why I believe I should have a CCW, in conclusion if I had a CCW I would be safer walking the streets of Los Santos, because I could stop people from robbing me.

To conclude, I can not just stand idly with nothing I can do to protect my own life in a city that crimes number raised beyond the limit.

I know that the usual answer when stating a reason to apply for this license is that the country is full of criminals therefore I won't go too far away. From what I've seen during these almost two decades I've spent in USA, I can tell that obtaining a weapon is fairly easy here. Lots of even teenagers carry these around in their saggy jeans without a license and their number is increasing day by day. Robbing people is not strange to them, it's an easy and quick way of earning some money which I've witnessed a couple of times in my life.

With the increase of number of people that carry guns without license, whether they're a part of some criminal organisation or not, the need of getting a license to carry a weapon increases as well. I've personally witnessed several incidents including firearms and was a victim in some actually. I don't want to bang my head anymore, being all paranoid over things like that. Considering my previous employment in the army back in Yugoslavia, I'm experienced enough to possess and use a firearm of most kinds. I'm pretty familiar with the live or die situations but since I moved to America, I've experienced certain situations where I was helpless and had no option to defend myself with gun barrels on my forehead. One of the incidents happened not so long ago but I'll start from the first one.

On the 6th of July, 2015. It was summer time and I decided to go to a nearby pool with some friends. We had a beer or two and everything was fine. I ran out of cigarettes and since these friends of mine never buy cigarettes but take mine, I had to buy a new pack. I drove my car to a local store, not knowing what's going on inside but I heard yelling. I looked through the window and I saw a man and a woman with ski masks over their heads. I immediatly started looking for my phone but I realised I left it back at the pool. I ran over to a payphone nearby and started dialing the police department.

Not even a few seconds after I was in a position where the female held me at gunpoint and I couldn't do anything. Eventually, the male ran out of the store to see what's going on and the cashier they were robbing used the chance to call the police. I could tell that the robbers weren't really experienced in what they were doing. A couple of cruisers pulled up and aimed their firearms at the robbers. The robbers complied and I knew it was over and that I was safe. That's the first time I got into a firearm incident.

On the 25th of September, 2016. I was out to visit my girlfriend in Angel Pine. I was driving on almost an empty highway. I took a look at the fuel meter and realised I'm almost out of gas. I pulled over to a gas station by the road to get some fuel. I was driving an Audi A4 at that time, a very pretty car, red colour. When I walked into the gas station to buy some snacks I saw a black male walking around my car, checking it out. I refocused onto the cashier and paid for the snacks.

When I turned around and headed outside, I walked over to the car and saw the man trying to break into my car. I dropped the plastic bag with the snacks and pushed him away from the door. I guess he didn't even pay attention to the security cameras around the gas station. He was not even wearing anything to cover his identity. I squared up and was ready to defend myself with my bare hands. What I did not know is that he had a handgun tucked into the back of his sweatpants. He pulled it out and aimed at me. I had to raise my hands and hand over the keys to the car. He took the car and drove off. I immediatly informed the local sheriff department about the incident and they tracked him down after about twenty minutes. The criminal died in a car crash with a bus and my car was completely destroyed. But it all got covered up by my insurance.

On the 13th of October, 2016. I was having a walk around the neighbourhood in Hampton Barnes, talking with the locals. I headed up the hill above Hampton Barnes to check out what's there and see the view. I took a seat on a bench by a dirt road, lighting up a cigarette. A dark blue SUV with three armed men pulled up next to me. They talked with me, wanted to get some directions. I was being very kind and told them what they wanted to know.

The next thing I know, I found myself laying down in the dirt on my stomach while they were patting me down. They took a few hundred dollars out of my wallet and drove away. I remembered the plates as they were leaving and informed the local sheriff department about it. I'm pretty sure they're still looking for the vehicle with the plates I stated.

I can't take this anymore to be honest. We live in a country where plenty of people carry unlicensed guns without knowledge how to properly use one. If I had a licensed weapon on me each time I got into an incident as I listed them above, I'd probably use my past army experience to successfully aim to disarm the attacker first. I'm aware of and respect the local police code of engagement.

 I was born in London, England and I've observed that people use illegal weaponry too much and Police cannot respond in time. I've been robbed a couple of times aswell, that's why I've finally made my decision that I need a CCW license to protect myself, family and others.

April 26, 2016
I parked my car near my apartament, I had to walk a bit, because there was no space to park my car next to my apartament, it was night time, approximately - 01:30AM - 02:30. I used to live in West Los Santos, Gonton Blue Projects. So, when I parked my vehicle, the area was quiet, everything seemed fine to me, and once I entered the alleyway, I saw couple of young afro-american people, they were listening to the music quite loudly, but that was not the case. I walked through them and one of them said : "Hey White Boi, come over here!" - I tried to ignore them, cause I didn't want to face the problems, so when I ignored them, one of them approached me, aimed his 9mm at me and said quite quietly : "Hands up!" - I was kinda shocked, I put my hands up and did everything what they've told me, because I was kinda new in this city and this did not happend to me in england. So It ended when they took my wallet, took my phone and told me to go. After that I started running towards my apartament, I opened the doors, took the phone quickly and called 911, they responded quickly, but unfortunately police haven't found these people in the area.

October 11, 2016

It was evening, approximately 22:00PM. I was in my friends house at Santa Marina Beach. We had nice evening and I decided that it's time to leave, when I left his house, I went to the small parking lot near his house to collect my vehicle. When I was opening the door I felt the gun pointed into my back. It was male voice saying : "Don't move, do what I'll say and you'll stay alive" - I realized, that it's not a joke and I may end really bad, so I had to follow his rules. He started patting me down, I accidently left my wallet into my friends house including the phone, so he found nothing worth. When he ended patting me, I thought he will kill me, because he didn't found anything. But he told me : "You're lucky today, you better stay quiet about this, or I will find you" - After that, he hidded his gun, and walked away without any fear, I was shocked, I took a seat in my car, waited till he's gone and went to my friends house back again. I took my phone and called 911, they responded quickly and they actually found the robber, they knew him already, and he got arrested

December 24, 2015
It was random day, it was morning. Approximately on 10:00AM, I took my car and made my way to Santa Marina Beach Burgershot to eat. I ordered my meal and I took a seat, I was waiting for my meal. I observed the situation, everything seemed normal, in the Burgershop, there was quite a lot of people, there was couple of parents with their kids eating, also groups of friends. And after ten minutes I took my meal and I started eating, after five more minutes I heard loud noise - three masked black male people rushed into the Burgershot with a pistols and started to yell : "EVERYBODY GET ON THE FUCKING GROUND! Nobody move!" - I did what they said, I slided under the table and I were watching their actions carefuly, they needed money, they took all the money from the cash register and they were about to leave, but one guy spot me when I was under the table and told me to stand up, I did what he said and he hit me with the handle of his firearm, I've fall down and they leaved the Burgershot. I remember how people called 911 and medics took care of my head.

After living here in Los Santos for almost 8 months, I've realized that it's time to apply for CCW because I've been robbed couple of times, and I was even almost killed, when one citizen shoot me once.

April 19, 2016
I parked my car near my apartament, I had to walk a bit, because there was no space to park my car next to my apartament, it was night time, approximately - 02:30AM. I used to live in East Los Santos. So, when I parked my vehicle, the area was quiet, everything seemed fine to me, and once I entered the alleyway, I saw couple of young afro-american people, they were listening to the music quite loudly, but that was not the case. I walked through them and one of them said : "Hey bald guy, come over here!" - I tried to ignore them, cause I didn't want to face the problems, so when I ignored them, one of them approached me, aimed his gun at me and said quite quietly : "Hands up!" - I was kinda shocked, I put my hands up and did everything what they've told me, because I was kinda new in this city. So It ended when they took my wallet, took my phone and told me to go. After that I started running towards my apartament, I opened the doors, took the phone quickly and called 911, they responded quickly, but unfortunately police haven't found these people in the alleyway.

June 28, 2016
It was random day, it was morning. Approximately on 11:00AM, I took my car and made my way to Vinewood Burgershot to eat. I ordered my meal and I took a seat, I was waiting for my meal. I observed the situation, everything seemed normal, in the Burgershop, there was quite a lot of people, there was couple of parents with their kids eating, also groups of friends. And after ten minutes I took my meal and I started eating, after five more minutes I heard loud noise - three masked people rushed into the Burgershot with a pistols and started to yell : "EVERYBODY GET ON THE GROUND! Nobody moves!" - I did what they said, I slided under the table and I were watching their actions carefuly, they needed money, they took all the money from the cash register and they were about to leave, but one guy spot me when I was under the table and told me to stand up, I did what he said and he hit me with the handle of his firearm, I've fall down and they leaved the Burgershot. I remember how people called 911 and medics took care of my head.

October 11, 2016

It was evening, approximately 21:00PM. I was in my friends house at Marina. We had nice evening and I decided that it's time to leave, when I left his house, I went to the small parking lot near his house to collect my vehicle. When I was opening the door I felt the gun pointed into my back. It was male voice saying : "Don't move, do what I'll say and you'll stay alive" - I realized, that it's not a joke and I may end really bad, so I had to follow his rules. He started patting me down, I accidently left my wallet into my friends house including the phone, so he found nothing worth. When he ended patting me, I thought he will kill me, because he didn't found anything. But he told me : "You're lucky today, you better stay quiet about this, or I will find you" - After that, he hidden his gun, and walked away without any fear, I was shocked, I took a seat in my car, waited till he's gone and went to my friends house back again. I took my phone and called 911, they responded quickly and they actually found the robber, they knew him already, and he got arrested.
I have experienced being aimed at gunpoint so many times in just a matter of 4 months living here in Los Santos, here are some life threatening incidents that happened this month:

October 16, 2016
I just headed off duty after patrolling for 4 hours straight. At around 3 in the afternoon, I went to Idlewood to check since everyone I know is there including my close friends. We chilled there for a couple of minutes until a man approached us and without any hesitation, he shoved me back, two times. I know that the incident won't end well so I backed up and tried to talk my way out of what I thought was going to be a brawl. He didn't let me speak nor utter any word, he immediately aimed a gun at my face after shoving me for the third time. He claims that I snitched their group when they're selling drugs, which I know I did. They're mad, and he's mad because one of their buddy got jailed because of me. My face was straight that time and my heart is pounding like hell. My friends were around me that time and they know my head's getting busted if no one will do something so Jarell, my awesome black brother tackled the man with the gun and stopped him for a while, others soon rushed the man holding the gun but sadly, he was able to get some space to fire a shot. Vatlis, my other friend in the brawl, got shot on the arm and and fell down. He kept aiming a gun at us but luckily, he only had one bullet left. While the brawl was erupting, I had called 911 for help. Lucky again, help was on time and they stopped the man from getting away. I treated Vatlis and the others that was involved in the group and sent the some in the hospital for further checkup. Everyone got to safety and Vatlis recovered.
If I had a gun that time, I could've shot the man somewhere in his body like the lower leg or somewhere that wouldn't cause severe damage, just enough to cease him and make him think twice about what he's doing.

October 21, 2016
It was early in the afternoon, around 2:00 and I headed on duty. I patrolled for about an hour or so and got a 911 call about a man on the ground with breathing difficulties, I responded to that call rapidly and I arrived. I approached the man to check on him. I got his vitals and everything and all was normal, I told him about it but he insisted that he has troubles breathing so I assisted him inside the Ambulance and drove him to ASGH. While on the trip he told me suddenly to drive the Ambulance to an alley. I turned my head around, obviously questioned by his words and found a gun aiming at my face. I was shocked so I followed his instructions and drove to the Alley at Commerence, hoping that someone would find us. I tried pulling my panic alarm but there was no one on duty besides me. He told me to step out of the Ambulance and lay on the ground. I did everything and he took away everything on me, my 10 grand watch, my wallet, and my iPhone.. he also mocked everyone on the radio and I quote, "Fuck everyone in this frequency, fuck you all!". That was my first time getting into an incident like that while on duty, I was left defenseless in that very moment and felt weak.

October 26, 2016
3:00 in the afternoon, I decided to take a break and eat at Marina Burgershot. I ordered my meal and took a seat. After a while three masked men rushed inside the establishment, two are armed with pistols. Everyone there was taken by surprised and panicked, I hid under the table and tried to pull my panic alarm but they noticed me there and immediately called me over. I had no choice for they were aiming at me so I followed. The grabbed me by the collar and told me to stand tight against the wall. One went over the cashier and took all the money out and radioed their departure from the establishment. A man suddenly stood up and pulled a gun out, firing out a shot. I got thrown to the table after and I knew that was the time where I can pull my panic alarm and alert the department of my condition. I managed to do that without them knowing and while they exchange fire inside and wait for the getaway vehicle to arrive, police suddenly megaphoned their presence. It was turned into a shootout between the man and the masked criminals, the criminals went inside the bathroom to take cover while the man stands behind the counter. By that time, I knew what I would do. I radioed what was going on inside, the man got shot on the shoulders as I was radioing the scene then the police came rushing in after and took over. I treated the man's wounds and took him over to ASGH. He turned out to be a licensed citizen.
Typing /duty /heal and /uniform has become a chore for me these recent days. I enjoyed the first few days of my faction when my mind was full of hype and excitement; I also enjoyed roleplaying with civilians (and exchanging stares with ex-cons) during our encounters, and I like to think that I was able to make this mutual. 
But I quickly found myself jarred with the faction.

PD/SD is probably not for me, and after all, one character in law enforcement roleplay is enough.

Thank you for giving me a chance.

family needing me during this time of the year. i'm aware that i wasn't in game too often (3 times in total) due to past and current responsibilities. i was given the opportunity to step down to corporal or deputy sheriff (thanks chick) but i feel this is the best step until i can dedicate time to this game. 

i might return one day when I have the time, might join this faction via reinstatement (if im allowed  :| )or join a few friends depending on what they're doing if anyone continues to play when i return. 

tldr; work wants me to do ridiculous hours in the near future, can't dedicate time sadly. 

Sidenote: Karl Plissken was a right dickhead so I'm glad none or you met him.

Hi,

Hereby putting up my resignation from both the SD faction and cancer as a whole. A few months ago I decided to join the faction after being absent for quite a while. My decision was mainly based on the nostalgia and fun I have always had in this game.

I have recently realised that I simply do not have enough time and motivation to continue my journey within cancer, as real life priorities have taken over. I wish everyone the best of luck on here, and in general. Always truely enjoyed being around here, and I'm definitely not leaving with any mixed feelings.


Thanks, and see you around!

Thanks for all the great times ladies and gentlemen but I'd like to try out the Police Department again and see if I can enjoy it.

Shoutout to my fellow aussie lads, YTBs.

Special shoutouts to Goose, Antonio Stewart, Undead Fiend and xorcist plus all the others that have made my time extra enjoyable. Corey Burgess my main boi deserves a solid one too. Cheers to Surreal and Chiky for running a great faction. 

Sorry If I've forgotton anyone else, made this in five seconds.

I've had a lot of enjoyable moments in the faction and I want to thank all of you for that. I came in here with a new perspective and I achieved the things that I wanted to achieve, and more. I always wanted to try the SD out and see if it was really like how everyone described it to be. There were always these mixed opinions and that’s why, when I got the opportunity, I took it. I can honestly say, having been here for just over a year, the SD has been far more enjoyable that I had anticipated. 

I always made it a priority to improve the things that I got the chance to be a part of. I made it into SEB Command, lead IA and the STP. All of these were very interesting to be a part of and I’m happy I had the opportunity to join. I want to thank everyone in these units for their efforts and I hope I lived up to what you expected of me. I have faith that the people that will be chosen to be in charge of these units will be more than capable and advance the units even further. 

Furthermore, the reason behind my resignation is a personal one. While the faction was enjoyable for a lengthy amount of time, it slowly became less and less so. I know first-hand, what the effects are, when you keep participating in something that you don’t truly enjoy. And as a wise man once said; “If you find yourself playing for anything else but enjoyment you'll end up investing a lot of time into an activity with little to show for it with your real life.” So I made the hard decision to let go before I got too deep in the quicksand. 

I’ve always made it a point to be as approachable as possible during my time in the faction. I hope I lived up to that. To the people who did approach me, hopefully I was able to help you guys, or at least try to. 

Lastly, thanks to the leadership for having faith in my abilities and for recognizing them. 

I hope you guys don’t miss me too much, and if you do just hit me up on steam (GypoBrah) or Teamspeak, as I will still be around.

Good to luck to everyone who has aspirations on here or in real life. Remember that everything can be achieved with hard work and perseverance. 

Really not much more to say other than: keep doing what you’re doing, take care and most importantly; have fun.

Hey people. This is probably the last time I'm writing it, but who knows.
Unfortunately, despite the fact of me being extremely motivated to play, talk and communicate with all of you - I'm surrounded by my studies. Last year in my Law Academy IRL, becoming a police lieutenant  8-)  8-)  8-)  8-)  8-) 8-)  8-) 

Not gonna write shout-outs, because I love you all and will remember every single one of you.
Probably will stay on the game and do some other stuff that does not require as much time as the SASD needs me to pay.

Stay safe, take care of yourself, take care of your partner. And I'll see you later! <3
Retired usergroup, please.
Oh, and take the SASD/PD group away from the the game forum please.
Estes

I joined SD to try something new, and I am glad I did. Unfortunately though, I can't seem to balance my university studies/job/life very well while being in both SAN and SD. I have also been super inactive on my SD character basically the entire month of September, and I don't see that changing anytime soon because of my real life schedule. So, I've decided to resign. I had fun during my time here, and met a couple new friends. If you want my Skype PM me.

Shoutout to Milkshakes (aka Trunks), the love of my life, & Maxican, who is actually white irl (exposed).

Hey friends,

The last year and a bit has been a wild ride for me. This faction has been a part of my life during some zany fucking times and truly has been a positive force in my life and journey to true self awareness. I've done more, spoken to more people, instituted more change and generally just gotten further in the past year and three months than I ever thought possible, than I ever planned. Unfortunately for me, life is a fickle mistress and things don't always roll along in the way you'd like.

I came into this faction as a bit of a hot head, a bit of a know it all. There are some people who'd probably tell you that hasn't changed, but I'd like to think otherwise! If you're one of those people, before I go any further, I do want you to know that I always spoke from the heart during my time here and tried my best to do what was right for the players generously donating their free time to play with us, as a part of our faction and I apologize if that came off in the wrong way.

I'm trying really hard in university right now and things are going really well. I've dedicated a lot of time to my work and my learning lately and as a result, my in game activity has taken a huge hit. I simply cannot contribute the time and effort to this faction that it deserves. It is incredibly hard for me right now to find the motivation, much less the time to come in game or jump on the forums as I used to. It really sucks but unfortunately that is the reality of life. Whilst this is a sad moment for me and maybe even some of you, I remain positive. I know in my heart that I spent my time in this faction trying to help others and work as hard as I possibly could for those at the bottom of the chain, not the top. I don't want to be that guy who uses their resignation to put themselves in a good light, and I'd much rather talk about you guys and what you meant and did for me.

It is easy to generalize people, not just on the game or in the Sheriff's Department, but in wider life. It is so easy. I urge all of you to do your best to avoid generalization at all costs, because it is by far and away the biggest barrier to communication and friendship imaginable. It is inevitable that on the internet, you are going to encounter people of a different political leaning, race, creed, religion and language. It is simply just going to happen. I urge anyone reading this to see past such simple things and give everyone a chance, because you will find some immensely important and interesting people as a result. We are not all the same and that is absolutely OK. 

You've all been absolutely fantastic to me during my time in this faction. I was often not the easiest to work with, being high on stress and tension and sometimes expecting too much and not putting forward enough myself, but for many of you, that never mattered. You all continued to impress me with your dedication to proper police roleplay and your excellent loyalty to your friends, colleagues and your faction leaders. I could not have asked for a better group of people to help shape this faction and honestly to help shape me. 

I leave this faction with the utmost confidence in our leadership. We have fantastic supervisory and command staff teams who, in my opinion, are the most dedicated to proper expressive roleplay that we've ever had in this faction. I'd also like to specifically thank Chiky and Surreal for being the most wondrous hosts. You have both, through thick and thin, helped me learn a lot about the world and myself and I thank you both for it. Trust me when I say that you are all in incredibly safe hands at this time, starting right at the top.

I'd like to leave you all with two things. First, I'd like to thank all of you for your friendship and hard work throughout my time here. I'd also like to leave you with a song that I find quite fitting for this moment in time. Thank you all so much. It was an absolute pleasure to serve you. 

Hi all,

I've been avoiding writing this for some time in hope my drive returned. Unfortunately I have lost the drive for the SD, I've thoroughly enjoyed my time here and can honestly say it was the best platform of roleplay I have experienced here at the game. The best part of three/four years was spent here, and I met some amazing people along the way, majority of which have long gone.

With that said, I won't be going far, I'll be heading over to the LSPD to give that another shot to see if that brings back my spark! 

Till next time, I wish you all the very best, and I thank each and every one of you for making this faction what it is today. It's you individuals that keep this faction running. 

A few people that have made my time extra special.

Surreal - I've known you for many years now, and you are by far the most approachable, friendly and most down to earth chap around. We keep in contact all the time, nothing will be changing. Keep it up. By far the best faction leader going.

Lenny - Thomas, you're a top lad even though I've not seen/heard from you in a while, stay in touch and get your ass to work.

Nickleson - Again, you're a top lad, I've always got time for you, so stay in touch and keep the sergeant for life squad up for atleast another year, do me proud. 


Adio - Habib, a lot of love for you, keep doing what you do and congratulations on your promotion.


Summers - You're a mug, but a lot of love for you too!

I'll see you all on the other side, and I'm still around as an admin, so if I'm ever needed then please feel free to shout up! 

Take care.

************   280 Questions and Answers - layout by Maciej Komosinski   ***********
**********************  http://aurora.put.poznan.pl/~komos/  ***********************


Q:  What's the difference between a teacher and a train?
A:  A teacher says "no chewing" and a train says "choo-choo"!

Q:  What do you call a lion tamer who sticks his right arm down a lion's
    throat?
A:  Lefty!

Q:  What happens if you don't pay your exorcist?
A:  You get repossessed!

Q:  What kind of quiz do you give to a criminal?
A:  A con test!

Q:  Why aren't elephants allowed on beaches?
A:  They can't keep their trunks up!

Q:  What do you get when you cross a baseball player with a boy scout?
A:  Someone who likes to pitch tents!

Q:  How do you cut through waves?
A:  With a sea-saw!

Q:  What has teeth but can't chew?
A:  A zipper!

Q:  If a man smashed a clock, could he be accused of killing time?
A:  Not if the clock struck first!

Q:  What flowers do you wear all year long?
A:  Tulips (two-lips)!

Q:  What do cows give after an earthquake?
A:  Milk shakes!

Q:  When is a cowboy most like a pony?
A:  When he is a little hoarse!

Q:  Why do cowboys ride horses?
A:  Because the horses are too heavy to carry!

Q:  How many sides does a house have?
A:  Two!  The inside and the outside!

Q:  Why did the man sleep under the oil tank?
A:  So he would wake up oily in the morning!

Q:  A giant had three tongues!  How did he remove two of them?
A:  He took off his shoes!

Q:  Why didn't the skeleton cross the road?
A:  Because he didn't have any guts!

Q:  What's the difference between a Timex dealer and a prison gaurd?
A:  One sells watches, one watches cells!

Q:  Why does Dracula consider himself an artist?
A:  He likes to draw blood!

Q:  What game do ghost children like to play?
A:  Peek-a-BOO!

Q:  What do you call a short, sun-burned outlaw riding a horse?
A:  Little Red Riding Hood!

Q:  Why are men better with a beard than without?
A:  FUR lots of reasons!

Q:  What was the octopus couple's favorite song?
A: I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, (ad nauseum)

Q:  Why are potatoes considered stupid?
A:  At parties they always hang around with the dips!

Q:  Where did the brontosaurus go for the summer months?
A:  To the dino-shore!

Q:  Why is a room full of married people really empty?
A:  There isn't a single person in it!

Q:  Why didn't the grizzly wear any shoes?
A:  Because he wanted bear feet!

Q:  What did one knife say to the other?
A:  "My, YOU'RE looking sharp today!"

Q:  What would happen if an ice cream cone picked a fight with Jesse
    James?
A:  The ice cream cone would get licked!

Q:  Why did the cowboy put a whistle in his ten-gallon hat?
A:  So he could blow his top!

Q:  What do you call Jesse James When he has the flu?
A:  A sick shooter!

Q:  What do you get if you cross a monster and an owl?
A:  An animal that scares people and doesn't give a hoot!

Q:  If 1 is love and 2 is hate, what are 3 and 4?
A:  Seven!

Q:  When do you use a shovel to eat?
A:  When you really dig in!

Q:  What's the best way to see flying saucers?
A:  Trip the waiter!

Q:  What do you get if you cross a vampire with an Egyptian mummy?
A:  A flying Band-Aid!

Q:  Who was the biggest monarch in history?
A:  King Kong!

Q:  Why didn't the skeleton ask his girlfriend to the dance?
A:  He didn't have any guts!

Q:  What did one arithmetic book say to the other?
A:  "I have a lot of problems!"

Q:  Do rabbits use combs?
A:  No, they use harebrushes!

Q:  What did one wall say to the other wall?
A:  "I'll meet you at the corner!"

Q:  What is a kangroo's favorite year?
A:  Leap year!

Q:  What's a good name for a straigh-back camel?
A:  Humphrey!  *Get it?*

Q:  If a King sits on gold, who sits on silver?
A:  The Lone Ranger!

Q:  Why did the outlaw carry a bottle of glue when he robbed the
    stagecoach?
A:  So he could stick up the passengers!

Q:  What does a train do when an outlaw chases it?
A:  It makes tracks!

Q:  Why did the cowboy brush his teeth with gunpowder?
A:  So he could shoot off his mouth!

Q:  What kind of figures do the most walking?
A: Roamin' numerals!

Q: What is the difference between the North and South Pole?
A: All the difference in the world!

Q: Guess who I saw today?
A: Everybody I looked at!

Q: Why is an engaged woman like a telephone?
A: Because they both have rings!

Q: Why was the mummy sent into the game as a pinch hitter?
A: With a mummy at bat, the game would be all wrapped up!

Q: What kind of horses frighten rangers?
A: Night Mares!

Q: Did you know Popeye was a sweet potato?
A: Well, he does say, "I Yam what I Yam"!

Q: Where does the Lone Ranger take his trash?
A: To the dump, to the dump, to the dump, dump, dump!

Q: Did you hear about the coach that flooded the gym?
A: He wanted to send in a sub!

Q: Why are birds poor?
A: Because money doesn't grow on trees!

Q: What drives a baseball batter crazy?
A: A pitcher that throws a screwball!

Q: Why is a scrambled egg like a losing ball team?
A: Because both are beaten!

Q: What do you get if you cross a big bell and an outlaw?
A: A Gongster!

Q: What do you call a lazy butcher?
A: A Meat-loafer!

Q: What is the first thing you put into a room?
A: Your feet!

Q: What is a sound sleeper?
A: Someone who snores!

Q: What does a cowboy say to his horse after a 100 mile ride?
A: Whoa!

Q: What part of a cowboy's outfit is the saddest?
A: His blue jeans!

Q: What is a monter's favorite necklace?
A: A choker!

Q: What kind of fur do you get from an outlaw?
A: As fur as you can get!

Q: What is the safest way to talk to an outlaw?
A: By long distance!

Q: What do you call an outlaw with cotton stuffed in his ears?
A: Anything you want!  He can't hear you!

Q: Why do postmen carry letters?
A: Because the letters can't go anywhere by themselves!

Q: How do you make friends with a computer?
A: Bit by bit!

Q: Who always goes to bed with shoes on?
A: A horse!

Q: Why is a toupee like a secret?
A: Because you keep it under your hat!

Q: Why are potatoes so afraid of Indians?
A: They don't want to get scalloped!

Q: What kind of music did the cowboy make when he threw a stone in the
   Rio Grande?
A: Plunk rock!!!!!

Q: Why did the cowboy saddle up the phonograph record?
A: He wanted to be a disk jockey!

Q: What did the victim say when the outlaw stuffed a dirty piece of
   cloth in his mouth?
A: That's an old gag!

Q: What was Billy the Kid's favorite subject in school?
A: Triggernometry!

Q: Who pulled the biggest holdup in history?
A: Atlas--he held up the whole world!

Q: What do you call an outlaw armed with four loaded revolvers?
A: Sir!

Q:  What happens when you throw a green rock in the red sea?
A:  It gets wet!

Q:  Why shouldn't you tell a secret to a pig?
A:  Because it is a squealer!

Q:  Where do frogs sit?
A:  On toadstools!

Q:  If a man were born in Greece, raised in Spain, came to America,
    and died in San Francisco, what is he?
A:  Dead!

Q:  Why did the man have to fix his car horn?
A:  Because it didn't give a hoot!

Q:  Why did the nutty kid throw butter out of the window?
A:  He wanted to see a butter fly.

Q:  Why did the nutty kid throw a glass of water out the window?
A:  Because he wanted to see a water fall!

Q:  What paper makes you itch?
A:  Scratch paper!

Q:  What can you break without touching it?
A:  Your promise!

Q:  A man was driving a black truck with the lights out.  There was no
    moon.  A lady was crossing the street.  How did he see her?
A:  It was daytime!

Q:  What animal makes the most of its food?
A:  The giraffe.  It makes a little go a long way!

Q:  What is the weather always like in Mexico?
A:  Chili today, hot tamale!

Q:  What time is the same spelled backwards or forwards?
A:  Noon!

Q:  What do you get if you cross an insect and a rabbit?
A:  Bugs Bunny!

Q:  Why aren't there any stories about beds?
A:  They haven't been made up yet!

Q:  What did the tree say to the woodpecker?
A:  You bore me!

Q:  What color was Napoleon's white horse?
A:  duh.

Q:  When do you put a clock in the oven?
A:  When you want to have a hot time!

Q:  What ten letter word starts with g-a-s?
A:  Automobile!

Q:  If you want to get rich, why should you just shut up?
A:  Because silence is golden!

Q:  What can be drawn without any drawing utensil?
A:  Breath!

Q:  What goes around a yard but doesn't move?
A:  A fence!

Q:  What is a calf after it is six months old?
A:  Seven months old!

Q:  What kind of fruit has a short temper?
A:  A crab apple!

Q:  What kind of watch is best for people who don't like time on
    their hands?
A:  A pocket watch!

Q:  What always comes into the house through the keyhole?
A:  A key!

Q:  What has four legs and a back but no body?
A:  A chair!

Q:  What kind of electricity do they have in Washington?
A:  D.C.!

Q:  What did the man do when he got a big gas bill?
A:  He exploded!

Q:  What is the best day to go to the beach?
A:  On a Sun Day!

Q:  How can you tell the difference between a can of chicken soup and a
    can of tomato soup?
A:  Read the label!

Q:  What trees come in two's?
A:  Pear Trees!

Q:  What insect runs away from everything?
A:  A Flee!

Q:  What does Brazil produce that no other country produces?
A:  Brazillians!

Q:  What people are like the end of a book?
A:  The Finnish!

Q:  Who never gets his hair wet in the shower?
A:  A bald man!

Q:  What did the light say to the girl?
A:  Turn me on!

Q:  What did the big chimney say to the little chimney?
A:  You're too young to smoke!

Q:  Why do firemen wear red suspenders?
A:  To keep their pants up!

Q:  Who can marry a lot of wives and still be single?
A:  A minister!

Q:  Why do we buy clothes?
A:  Because we can't get them free!

Q:  If six people and two dogs were under an umbrella, why didn't
    any of them get wet?
A:  Because it wasn't raining!

Q:  What piece of wood is like a king?
A:  A ruler!

Q:  What did the muffler say to the car owner?
A:  "Boy, am I exhausted!"

Q:  Why did the window pane blush?
A:  It saw the weather strip!

Q:  Where do crying children go?
A:  To the bawl park!

Q:  What has fifty heads and fifty tails?
A:  Fifty pennies!

Q:  When is the vet busiest?
A:  When it rains cats and dogs!

Q:  What is the difference between a bus driver and a cold?
A:  One knows the stops, the other stops the nose!

Q:  What do you call a sick crocodile?
A:  An illigator!

Q:  If you fell of a ladder, what would you fall against?
A:  Against your will!

Q:  Why shouldn't you make fun of fat people?
A:  Because it's not nice to poke fun at someone's expanse!

Q:  If an apple a day keeps the dentist away, what will an onion do?
A:  Keep everyone away!

Q:  Where do squirrels go when they go insane?
A:  To the nut house!

Q:  What do you have if your head is hot, your feet are cold, and you
    see spots in front of your eyes?
A:  You probably have a polka-dotted sock over your head!

Q:  When do you have acute pain?
A:  When you own a pretty window!

Q:  When was medicine first mentioned in the Bible?
A:  When moses recieved the two tablets!

Q:  What happened when the dog swallowed the watch?
A:  He got a lot of ticks!

Q:  How did the kid get a flat nose?
A:  He was told to keep it to the grindstone!

Q:  What is the healthiest kind of water?
A:  Well water!

Q:  What is the perfect cure for dandruff?
A:  Baldness!

Q:  What did the dentist say to the golfer?
A:  You have a hole in one!

Q:  What do you get if you put your hand in a pot?
A:  A potted palm!

Q:  What happened when the icicle landed on the man's head?
A:  It knocked him cold!

Q:  Where do animals go when they lose their tails?
A:  To a retail store!

Q:  What did the doctor say to the patient when he finished the
    operation?
A:  That's enough out of you!

Q:  How can you tell if you are cross-eyed?
A:  When you see eye-to-eye with yourself!

Q:  How can you tell if you are cross-eyed?
A:  Try looking in a mirror!

Q:  What is the best way to cure acid indigestion?
A:  Stop drinking acid!

Q:  What did the farmer use to cure his sick hog?
A:  Oinkment!

Q:  What do you call a person who doesn't have all his fingers on one
    hand?
A:  Normal.  Most people have their fingers spread over two hands!

Q:  What happened to the horse that swallowed a dollar bill?
A:  He bucked!

Q:  How was the blind carpenter able to see?
A:  He picked up his hammer and saw!

Q:  How can you tell if a bucket is not well?
A:  When it is a little pail!

Q:  What do you call a sheep that is covered in chocolate?
A:  A Hershey baaa!

Q:  How do you make an eggroll?
A:  Push it!

Q:  Why is it dangerous to do math in a cannibal's den?
A:  Because if you add 4 and 4, you get ate!

Q:  What is a pie in the sky?
A:  A flying pizza!

Q:  Why did the farmer plant sugar cubes?
A:  Because he wanted to raise cane!

Q:  Why did the woman eat bullets?
A:  Because she wanted her hair to grow in bangs!

Q:  Do ministers ever use operator assistance?
A:  No.  They always go parson to parson!

Q:  Why did the orchestra have bad manners?
A:  It didn't know how to conduct itself!

Q:  What do you call a crazy pickle?
A:  A daffy dill!

Q:  What do ghosts eat for lunch?
A:  Boo-loney sandwiches!

Q:  What does the Swamp Thing like for desert?
A:  Marsh-mellows!

Q:  What kind of eggs does an evil chicken lay?
A:  Deviled eggs!

Q:  What hired killer never goes to jail?
A:  The exterminator!

Q:  What is a boxer's favorite drink?
A:  Punch!

Q:  Which hand should you use to stir tea?
A:  Neither.  Use a spoon!

Q:  What is small, purple, and dangerous?
A:  A grape with a machine gun!

Q:  What gun does a police dog use?
A:  A dogmatic!

Q:  Where do tough chickens come from?
A:  From hard-boiled eggs!

Q:  How do you tell when a bell is obedient?
A:  If it only rings when tolled!

Q:  What kind of food do brave soldiers eat?
A:  Hero sandwiches!

Q:  What is stolen candy?
A:  Hot chocolate!

Q:  What do well behaved young lambs say to their mothers?
A:  Thank ewe!

Q:  What is the last thing you eat before you die?
A:  You bite the dust!

Q:  What do you get if you cross an elephant with a Boy Scout?
A:  A real big uniform!

Q:  What is the grossest kind of cookie?
A:  A snicker-doo-doo!

Q:  What happens to evil pigs?
A:  They become deviled ham!

Q:  Why did the turkey cross the road?
A:  To get to Mexico, where they don't celebrate Thanksgiving!

Q:  What do mice wear to school on gym day?
A:  Squeakers!

Q:  Why did the elephant put ketchup in his navel?
A:  Cause he wanted eat French Fries lying down!

Q:  Why didn't the Mad Scientist allow the sick eagle in his laboratory?
A:  Because it was illeagle! *get it?*

Q:  Why did the mad scientist put an elastic band around his forehead?
A:  So he could stretch his imagination!

Q:  How do cowboys watch t.v. when they're out on the range?
A:  By saddle lights!

Q:  What do you call a cat who eats a lemon?
A:  A sourpuss!

Q:  Who is bigger:  Mr Bigger or his baby?
A:  Mr. Bigger's baby is a little Bigger!

Q:  How many seconds are in a year?
A:  12 - January 2nd, February 2nd...

Q:  How does Santa Claus take care of his yard?
A:  With a hoe, hoe, hoe!

Q:  What did the envelope say when the boy licked it?
A:  Nothing - it shut up!

Q:  First you see a red mill.  Then there's a walk at the end.   Then
    there's a key.  What is it?
A:  Milwaukee!

Q:  What is a monster's favorite team?
A:  The Giants!

Q:  What American has the largest family?
A:  George Washington - He's the Father of our Country!

Q:  Did you hear about the fight in the Candy Store?
A:  Two suckers got licked!

Q:  What state in the U.S. is the happiest?
A:  Merry Land!

Q:  What did the candles say to the birthday cake?
A:  These birthdays really burn me up!

Q:  Why did the orange stop in the middle of the road?
A:  Because it ran out of juice!

Q:  Why do flies walk on the ceiling?
A:  If they walked on the floor, someone might step on them!

Q:  What is a foreign ant?
A:  ImportAnt!

Q:  Why do hippies study the stars?
A:  Because they are so far out!

Q:  Why did the farmer put rusted out cars in his garden?
A:  He wanted to raise a bumper crop!

Q:  How can you eat an egg without breaking its shell?
A:  Ask someone else to break it!

Q:  Why does a baby duck walk softly?
A:  Because it is a baby and can't walk, hardly!

Q:  What helps keep your teeth together?
A:  Toothpaste!

Q:  What brings the monster's babies?
A:  Frankenstork!

Q:  Did you hear the story about the Peacock?
A:  It's a beautiful tail!

Q:  What bugs are good at math?
A:  Mosquitos: they add to misery, subtract from fun, and multiply fast!

Q:  Why did the mouse want to move?
A:  She was tired of living in a hole in the wall!

Q:  How can you tell a cat that likes rain?
A:  Because when it rains it purrs!

Q:  Why do bees hum?
A:  Because they don't know the words!

Q:  Who settled in the West before anyone else?
A:  The Sun!

Q:  What is a distant relative?
A:  Someone who is not living with you!

Q:  What is the biggest ant?
A:  An ELEPHant!

Q:  What is smaller than an ant's mouth?
A:  An ant's dinner!

Q:  How can you spell too much with just two letters?
A:  XS!

Q:  What is the hottest part of a man's face?
A:  His sideburns!

Q:  What fish has the lowest voice?
A:  A bass!

Q:  When was beef at its highest?
A:  When the cow jumped over the moon!

Q:  What person is always yelling?
A:  The I Scream Man!

Q:  What kind of theif has to be really strong?
A:  A shoplifter!

Q:  What kind of house weighs the least?
A:  A Lighthouse!

Q:  What is the hardest thing about learning to roller skate?
A:  The ground!

Q:  What coat has the most sleeves?
A:  A coat of arms!

Q:  What fruit has been known since man invented the calendar?
A:  Dates!

Q:  What is purple and 5,000 miles long?
A:  The Grape Wall of China!

Q:  Why do we dress baby girls in pink and baby boys in blue?
A:  Because they can't dress themselves!

Q:  Where can you always find health, wealth, and happiness?
A:  In the dictionary!

Q:  Why is the dictionary dangerous?
A:  Because it has Dynamite and Arsenic in it!

Q:  A man who worked in a butcher shop was 6 feet tall, had red hair,
    and wore size 11 shoes.  What did he weigh?
A:  Meat!

Q:  How does a coffee pot feel when it is hot?
A:  Perky!

Q:  What did the two vampires do from midnight to 12:10?
A:  They took a coffin break!

Q:  What do people in England call little black cats?
A:  Kittens!

Q:  Why did the man put his money in the refrigerator?
A:  To make some cold cash!

Q:  How do you make a Venetian blind?
A:  Poke a finger in its eye!

Q:  What is a stupid flower?
A:  A Blooming Idiot!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because they don't know how to cook!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because they can't light their Coleman stove!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because they have to much trouble fitting it on the shishkebab!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because the stove is broken!

Q:  What can you do with old bowling balls?
A:  Give them to elephants to shoot marbles!

Q:  Dogs have fleas.  What do Sheep have?
A:  Fleece!

Q:  Did Adam and Eve ever have a date?
A:  No, they had an apple!

Q:  What do you call a Volkswagon filled with cookies?
A:  Farfignewton!

Q:  What is a bulldozer?
A:  Someone who sleeps while a polititian is making a speech!

Q:  Where do trees keep their money?
A:  In branch banks!

Q:  If cheese comes on top of hamburger, what comes after cheese?
A:  Mice!

Q:  If cheese comes on top of hamburger, what comes after cheese?
A:  The cheese police!

Q:  Where do fish keep their money?
A:  In river banks!

Q:  Where do Eskimos keep their money?
A:  In snowbanks!

Q:  Where do hogs keep their money?
A:  In piggy banks!

Q:  Where do vampires keep their money?
A:  In blood banks!

Q:  Where do mummies swim?
A:  In the Dead Sea!

Q:  What is the best way to eat spaghetti?
A:  Well, first open your mouth....

Q:  What happened when Abel died?
A:  He became Unable!

Q:  What did the little light bulb say to its mom?
A:  I wuv you watts and watts!

Q:  Why do wallets make so much noise?
A:  Because money talks!

Q:  What happens to a refrigerator when you pull the plug?
A:  It loses its cool!

Q:  How many skunks does it take to make a big stink?
A:  A phew!

Q:  What does an invisible baby drink?
A:  Evaporated milk!

Q:  What runs around all day and then lies under the bed with
    its tongue hanging out?
A:  Your shoe!

Q:  What did King Kong say when he saw the Statue of Liberty?
A:  "Hi, mom!"

Q:  What lottery did the broom win?
A:  The sweepstakes!

Q:  Why does a chicken lay an egg?
A:  Because if she dropped it, it would break!

Q:  Why do you always start to walk with the right foot first?
A:  Because when you move one foot, the other is always left behind!

Q:  When do you swallow your words?
A:  When you eat alphabet soup!

Q:  What is the difference between a greedy person and an electric
    toaster?
A:  One takes the most and the other makes the toast!

Q:  Is it better to write on a full or an empty stomach?
A:  Neither.  You'll find that paper works best!

Q:  What kind of bird is always around when there is anything to eat
    or drink?
A:  A swallow?

Q:  Why are identical twins like a broken alarm clock?
A:  Because they are dead ringers!

Q:  Why don't scarecrows have any fun?
A:  Because they are stuffed shirts!

Q:  How do you make a cigarette lighter?
A:  Take out the tobacco!

Q:  How do you make notes of stone?
A:  Rearrange the letters!

Q:  What kind of umbrella did Louis XII carry in the rain?
A:  A wet one!

Q:  Why does the stork stand on one leg only?
A:  If he lifted it, he would fall down!

Q:  What is the difference between a banana and a bell?
A:  You can only peal a banana once!

Q:  What invention allows you to see through walls?
A:  A window!

Q:  Why can it be said that whales talk a lot?
A:  Because they're always spouting off!

Q:  What can a whole apple do that half an apple can't?
A:  It can look round!

Q:  When is a man not a man?
A:  When he turns into an alley!

Achmed the Dead Terrorist

Jeff: Good evening, Achmed
Achmed: Good evening, infidel
J: So you're a terrorist
A: Yes, I ame a terrorist
J: What kind of terrorist?
A: A terrifying terrorist. Are you scared?
J: Not, really no.
A: Haaa. And now?
J: Not, really no.
A: Oh, haaaaaa. How about now?
J: No.
A: God damn it. Oh, oh, I mean Allah damn it.
A: Silence. I'kill you!
J: So Achmed...
A: ... no no, It's Achmed.
J: That's what I said.
A: No, you said Akne. It's Achmed, ch ch ch ch. Silence! I'll kill you!
J: How do you spell it?
A: What?
J: How do you spell your name?
A: Oh you see an A, C, FLAMCH... Silence! I'll kill you!
J: So Achmed if you're a terrorist I would suppose you have some sort of speciality.
A: Yes, I am a suicide bomber.
J: Ah, so you are finished?
A: What?
J: You have done your job.
A: no, I haven't.
J: But you're dead.
A: No I 'm not. I feel fine.
J: But you're all bone.
A: It's a fleshwound, Silence! I'll kill you! What the hell happened to my feet? Son of a bitch, what the hell? Oh wait a minute ... What the hell. What are you doing? What XXX, what are you doing? Stop touching me! I'll kill you!
J: Oh, just hold on, I'll fix it.
A: OK, wait. What are you doing? XXX karate in the air. Wait, wait. Wait, something is backward, holy crap, I don't want... I need some ???liqueurements???
J: Just sit still.
A: OK, I will not move my ass.
W: you idiot you don't have an ass.
A: Is that Walter?
J: Yeah.
A: He scares the crap out of me. Please do not put me back in the same suitcase.
J: Why?
A: He has gas ??? Saddam's mustard gas is nothing compared to the Walter fart!
A: It's not funny. He will kill us!
J: Alright, listen.  Achmed. I have something to tell you.
A: What?
J: You're really dead.
A: Are you sure?
J: Yes.
A: I just got my XXX.
J: You're really dead.
A: Wait. If I am dead, hu, that means that I give my 72 virgins. Are you my virgins? I hope not.
J: Why?
A: There is a bunch of the ugliest guys out here! If this is a paradise, I've been screwed!
J: What? Did they say there would be only female virgins?
A: Holy crap! Wait, I can have a Clea Eckan. Hahahaha. I told a joke.
J: So listen Achmed, where did you come from?
A: Your freaking suitcase. Hahahaha. I told another one.
J: Look, if you've been in my suitcase all the time how would you get through security in the airports?
A: Oh, that's easy. They open the case and I go: Hello, I am Lindsey Lohan. I told another joke. I can do this crap too. OK, here's another one. Two Jews walk in a bar...
J: No, no.
A: What?
J: No. 
A: What? you don't let Jews in your bar? You racist bastard.
J: What I mean I don't want racist jokes in my act.
A: Oh, OK. How about if I kill the Jews?
J: No.
A: I'm kidding. I would not kill the Jews. No. I would toss a penny between them and watch them fight to the death. Hahahaha. Yes, yes. I did the same thing with two catholic priests that I tossed a small boy. Hahaha. Yes, yes, and the winner had to fight Michael Jackson.
J: Achmed!
A: What?
J: Stop doing this. You can't tell jokes like that.
A: Why not, I'm killing XXX.
J: You can't talk jokes like that.
A: Why?
J: It offends people.
A: Oh. I'm dead what do I care? What do you want me to do - knock knock jokes?
J: Probably better.
A: OK. knock knock.
J: Who is there?
A: Me. I'll kill you.
J: So look. As a suicide bomber have you had training?
A: Of course. We had the suicide bomber training camp.
J: Aha. Is there a nice facility?
A: It used to be.
J: What happened?
A: New guy. The idiot tried to practice.
J: What did you guys learn from that?
A: Location, location, location.
J: Do you guys have any kind of model?
A: Like what?
J: Like we are looking for a few good men.
A: We're looking for some idiots with no future.
J: So where do you get your recruits?
A: The suicide hotline. Hahahaha. That was dark, was it not?
J: So what exactly happened to you?
A: He?
J: What happened?
A: Oh. If you must know. I am a horible suicide bomber.
J: What happened?
A: I had a premature detonation. I set the timer for 30 minutes but it went off in 4 seconds. You know whats that like,right? Mister Hurricane!
W: Hahahaha.
J: So Achmed what exactly happened to you?
A: Well. I was dripping gasoline and I answered my cellphone. Can you hear me? Pch! At first I thought it was because I went over my minutes. 
J: That's too bad.
A: It's OK, I took that XXX bastard with me.
J: So, what is like to die, do you see white light?
A: If you gonna to watch the explosion, yes.
J: I mean some people say when I die I see a white light. What did you see?
A: A saw flying car parts.
J: What's the last thing that went through your mind?
A: My ass. Hahaha. Walter told me to tell a joke.
J: So you never saw a white light?
A: No but I saw a blue Prius. Do you really have one of those vehicles? That is not a car but a lunchbox. Did you know when you
going down the highway in a Prius put your hand out of window the vehicle will turn?
J: You did all this for a bunch of virgins?
A: Are you kidding me? I'll kill you for a Clondike bar.
J: So I guess you're a Muslim.
A: I don't think so.
J: You're not Muslim.
A: No.
J: Why ?
A: Look on my ass. It's made in China. Walter says I am just a stinky Helloween decoration.
J: So do you like being in D.C.?
A: I think some idiots must live here.
J: Why?
A: For example the Washington monument. It looks nothing like the guy. It looks more like the tribute to Bill Clinton.
J: What do you think of Bush.
A: Oh, I love b.... oh you mean the president, I'm sorry.
